Version 2:
Principle: Blind man A, Deaf man B and Crippled man C helped each other survive. Thesis: Young people and most people are used to, grew up with, and want everything in a single device, unaware of the risks and problems associated with an all-in-one device. Their imagination and ability to create solutions are limited by this sandbox or supposedly hard rule (human greed - more and more). In relation to the version 1 idea below, there is a security risk that an all-in-one, networked AI camera could leak the visual intelligence (military war plans) of the post-it notes to cybercriminals. A billion-dollar insight to sell a solution and thesis where the engineer uses DSLR non-networked camera tech to fuse with AI and integrate with a speaker to monitor the wall of physical post-it notes. If a human, animal or insect is detected by the sentry camera (pivotal point:), the sentry AI camera plays a unique accented three-syllable phrase. First syllable in English, Second syllable in Latin, and Third syllable in Klingon (Star Trek). The voice message played aloud by the AI sentry camera’s speakers is heard by a second WiFi-networked microphone (sandbox or airgapped) that is blind or lacks camera lenses, and it sends a notification to the 24/7 remote security command centre about the security breach. Go one step further by implementing a three-point lock on the single bank-grade steel door to the room, which requires a mechanical key, and a two-point biometric unlock feature to access. Place two armed guards in front of the door who do not have the mechanical key or any other means to open it. 

Version 1: 
Share with global corporates, governments, military, intelligence agencies, police, academics, researchers, students and other humans to install multiple AI security cameras in the room ceiling or via height adjustable floor stands (2 metres tall) where the camera lenses looking at the wall of yellow post it notes, and the AI will auto sends you an email and app notifications to your phone, watch and macOS when a post it note drops to the floor (lost of adhesive), disappeared or maliciously removed by saboteur. This markedly reduces the risk of hefty financial, legal, and safety damages to property and human life arising from data loss caused by dropped or missing post-it notes on the wall, from tens to thousands. The AI post-it note sentry can be configured to auto turn on/off based on a custom schedule, or to auto turn on whenever there’s no human and auto turn off when a human is detected. User can press an app button or via voice command to Siri to tell the multiple sentries (AI cameras) to remember the state of the post-it note wall (before you step away) and notify you when the post-it notes ‘state’ changes.
